gee cute spilled on me love spell F
Dorothy hey guys so today I'm going to
be doing a target haul and yeah I just
come back from target and i figured i
should do help you guys because i have
my dinner target haul in like forever so
yeah let's just go ahead and get into
the video so recently I've been really
into just lip products usually I don't
really wear lip products but lately I've
just been really liking writing them so
I got five lip products and they're all
like dark plum cherry red colors so
let's just get into those so the first
one I'm wearing right now and this is
the Revlon Colorstay ultimate suede
little mini lipstick things and this is
in the color backstage and I really like
this it's definitely very like a good
consistency it feels like really nice on
my lips and after a while it kind of
dries and it stays on like I've had this
on for about an hour now and it's just
stayed like this so i really like this
and i would def recommend any color of
these types of products because i will
bravo on they definitely make the best
lip products so i got this then i got to
UM revlon balm scenes because i love
these things i have like three other
ones and I just wear them all the time
because they're really easy and they
stay on all day so I got to the first
one I got is in the color smitten and
this is just kind of a pinky plum color
it's kind of dark which I really like
for the fall season and then I got
another one in the color romantic and I
need this for homecoming because I
wanted to do a red lip except I wanted
to make sure they don't all night in
this tip stay on all night so this is
just kind of an orangish red it's not
like a dark red is just a red I know I
like it
I think it's really pretty so I got
those two as you're going to tell I like
darker colors I just liked them for this
time of year a lot so the first one i go
i already had before but I lost it so I
just got again and this isn't the color
deepest cherry from Maybelline and this
is just like a dark dark wow it's
already messed up I haven't even like
touched it and it's already messed up
it's just a really really dark red and I
love this layers to wear this all the
time so I'm excited to wear this again
and the last lip product I got this is
the super-state n glossing and this is
in the color Barry heavenly and this is
an amazing product because it's like a
lip gloss applicator but like kind of
like a liquid lipstick and it's it's
also a stain it like makes any sense but
it smells kind of good so I just want to
get more of these like types of products
because Boop so what if i want to try
other colors in this so i got this so
the next thing i got is this concealer
and this is the consol of my face every
day and I ran out of my other one so I
had to get a new one and this is just
the maybelline fit me concealer and i'm
in the color fair 15 so this is all
using my facebook at the hate foundation
and it does the job so i just recommend
this and then I got another powder this
is the rep on colorstay and this stays
on all day it's amazing and I had to get
the lightest color because I'm really
really pale then I don't really know
what why I got this I just kind of
thought and I was like I'm gonna get
that and it's kind of just a ransom
product but I got this little eye shadow
quad by Maybelline and I used to wear a
lot of purple eyeshadow like not like
really purple but just like a light
pinky purple and I kind of want to start
wearing it again because I don't really
like it so I would just put this like
all over the lid and that's it oh yeah I
just really liked how it brought up the
green know my eyes so gotten you one of
these then I got another massacre this
is my all-time very much scare you guys
should know by now that i've been using
this for probably like two years my
favorite and this is the Maybelline at
lots of lashes and this just
like the cone applicator and I'm
obsessed with this I use this every
single day just works really well with
my lashes so I just buy a new one then I
just got some makeup your eye peas
because I ran out of my other ones and i
really like these a lot they're really
gentle and they get the job done and
they're pretty expensive also so I like
these then I got to skincare products
because lately my skin is were breaking
out a lot you can't really tell because
like I'm making the lighting I look like
I don't have any acne but I really do
I've making out a lot on my forehead
like right here and just is not fun
because I hate wearing face makeup
anyways so I got to UM skin care
products to try and like get rid of it
so the first thing I got is this city
knives app apricot scrub and I heard a
lot of really good things about this
I've been using it for about a week now
and I've only seen a ton of like
progress because you're really only
supposed to use it once a week so I'll
see how this work to let your eyes know
so i really like this smells really good
so yeah then also for skincare i got
this neutrogena rapid cleared two in one
fight and fade gel and i don't i just
saw this I've never really heard of this
before and I saw and I know that new she
is a pretty good skincare brand so I
decided to try it out and yeah I'll just
see how it works it says that it reduces
breakouts in eight hours so we'll see if
that's true then i got this beanie and I
just been obsessed with me they need to
get more the ceiling when I have but
it's so cute it's just I love it it has
like little like gold threading in it
that's like metallic and I loved maroon
anyways so yeah I just love
then last I got to like random things
which have outline and this is the five
gum and the flavor cooling peppermint
and now it just tastes pretty good then
I got sour patch kids because I mean
there I favorite candy yeah so guys
enjoyed this video and I all talk days
later
you
gonna do
hey